for some families from Gaza this is what
good fortune looks like the injuries are
traumatic of course and worse they are
children but they've left the horrors of
Gaza behind and are on their way to
Italy for medical treatment and in that
sense they are truly a privileged few
the Italian government has decided to uh
take to Italy 100 injured children from
Gaza with their families with their
Guardians there are many different types
of diseases and traumas everybody is
psychologically traumatized these people
will have an opportunity to ask for
international protection in Italy and uh
as soon as they wish and they want and
can uh they can go back or stay uh in
Italy before leaving for Italy they're
tended to here at the Italian Hospital
in Cairo these are unfamiliar
surroundings not just a city at peace
far from Gaza but a hospital that
actually
functions my grandson has a skull
fracture and his brain is swollen there
are no doctors in Gaza there's no
medication no doctors nurses there only
change wound dressings there's no
anesthesia or anyone to stitch wounds or
perform
surgery they may have left the war
behind but its wounds and scars will
travel with
them Kareem's injuries happened when our
house shook because of the Israeli
bombardment nearby there were burns on
his body because the tea spilled on him
on his face chest neck and
hands young Kareem scaled by a pot of
tea as explosions erupted close to his
home one innocent victim among tens of
thousands but one among a very small
number whose torment can now begin to
heal Jonah Hall Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
zero